The most challenging part of this task is probably differentiating F and NG. Just remember that F is when the information in the prompt does not confirm the information in the passage. T is when the information in the prompt does confirm the information in the passage. Any other possible cases, it is NG. Also, you can try improving your vocabulary to better understand the prompts and passages to avoid making unwanted mistakes
Attention span is a very problem in Reading. Instead of trying to read the whole passage, you can try reading the questions first to find out the keywords and only look for that specific information in the passage. That way, you won’t have to read too long a passage and avoid the risk of losing track.
Instead of trying to read the entire passage, you can try reading the questions first to find out the keywords and only look for that specific information in the passage. That way, you won’t have to read too long a passage and avoid the risk of losing track.
Before doing a test or a revision, make sure you are in your best state of mind. Rest and eat well to guarantee your best possible physical state.
You can try finding the main information of the passage and decide which heading is suitable. If you think there is one more heading that can fit in, note them down, and the next questions will help you exclude the other options, hopefully. And make sure the heading that you choose can cover the MAIN IDEA of the WHOLE passage, not just partly.
You can try doing many mock tests and revisions to see how much time it would take you to finish each part of the test and figure out the best plan for you.
Instead of reading the whole passage, you can try reading the questions first to find out the keywords and only look for that specific information in the passage. That way, you won’t have to read too long a passage.
Try finding all the keywords in the questions. Then listen with a relaxed attitude and just focus when you hear the key words. That way, you won’t have to listen intensely all the time and keep better focus.
You can try this: Instead of trying to find the right answer, exclude the wrong ones. The right ones might not always be too obvious but the wrong ones definitely are. And beware of the tricks that the audio sets up for you.
When doing the map exercise, confirm the “You are here” spot or the spot that the audio tells you that you are currently in. Then, use your pencil to keep track of the directions in the audio. That way, you won’t be lost and confused in this type of exercise.
Try to answer the questions ASAP, as soon as you hear the information in the audio.
You can try watching movies or podcasts in English. That way, you can become more familiar with all aspects of their pronunciation.
You can try guessing the meaning of the word based on the context of the passage or the meaning of a part of the word that you might already know. And remember, only try to figure out the meaning of the word when it matters. If not, don’t mind it.
You can try watching movies or podcasts in English in that particular accent. Most audios are usually in a British or Australian accent. That way, you can become more familiar with all aspects of their pronunciation.
You can try watching movies or podcasts in English. That way, you can become more familiar with the speed of the audios and improve your comprehending speed.
Do many mock tests and revisions. After a couple failures in time management, you can learn a lesson or two and figure out your best plan.
Practice is the only way to perfection, no matter how naturally talented you are, so pull yourself together and do it.
About the hard topics, try to think simple, like the simplest you can. Believe me, things are often simpler than they seem. You can also try reading or watching documentaries on popular IELTS writing topics to improve your knowledge.
You can read the essay samples on reliable IELTS platforms to see how they write this type of essay.
Try grouping by areas, like South, North, East and West. It always works.
You can read the essay samples on reliable IELTS platforms to see how they write each type of essay and try practicing that way.
You can also try reading or watching documentaries on popular IELTS writing topics to improve your knowledge. And try to improve your vocabulary as much as possible
You can take a short break, like a couple of days to refresh your mind. And have a consultant look at your essays, point out your problems and you can improve on those sides.
Practice makes perfect, so make sure you practice on a usual basis to not lose sense of the skill. To help with this, you can try self-talk or find a speaking partner to have someone to practice with.
One of the most important aspects in nailing a speaking test is the mental game. And to help with this, practice plenty so you can be used to the format of the test and how to execute it. Once you are familiar with it, just step into the exam room thinking: “Just another practice”.
You can try watching movies and podcasts in English, and then mimic the speaker, and REALLY try to be as similar as possible to the speaker. With enough practice, I am sure you will get better.
Coming up with an adequate amount of ideas for part 3 is tough, but just practice plenty, and gradually, your speed will be improved. For the remainder of the problem, each time you practice, just keep in mind that you only have 2 minutes to deliver the speech and answer all the questions, so just be as brief and efficient as possible. In case you are asked to tell the examiner more (when you go under 2 minutes), then you can break free and dig into the details.
Personally, I think you should have a mentor practice with you. I am sure an adequate mentor could help you improve your existing weaknesses and encourage you enough to boost your confidence.
The majority of the time in the Speaking test room, you will be under pressure and can only use the words that you are familiar with. So, when you practice, use highly academic words as much as possible to gain familiarity with the words so that it can gradually become a habit for you to use those words. And in the test room, you will surely be able to do so.
Just keep in mind this: Grind and try as hard as possible, so you can increase the chance that this test is the last IELTS test that you’ll have to take and this will be the last bit of money you will have to spend on this.
Apart from competence and luck, the mental game will play a 40% role of whether you would achieve your aim or not. So, just practice as hard as possible, get better to gain your confidence and step in the room with the most comfortable state of mind as possible. That is one of the ultimate ways to guarantee you achieve your aim.
Now that problem is not very common. In fact, having a pretty person at the test room can actually take your mind off the stress and pressure you are facing. But just remember you just spent nearly 5 million VND on this. So, make the most out of it, don’t make it another 5 million.
IELTS can be a long and difficult journey. Just remember that if you try hard enough, you will earn what you deserve at the end of that journey.
Things can get stressful when you realize how much your parents have sacrificed for you. Turn that pressure into motivation and nail it, so you can make your parents proud. But don’t put too much pressure on yourself, because once your parents know how hard you have tried, I am sure they would be extremely proud.
You can have a personal tutor or consultant. It could be anyone: a teacher, a professional tutor or simply a person with experience who is willing to help. Talk to them about your strengths, weaknesses,... so they can help you build a suitable program to follow.
Take some time off and consider IELTS is actually THAT important in your future plan. If no, then just spend your time on other things. But if yes, then use it as your motivation. Also, having a study pal or a personal tutor can help a lot with the whole motivation part.
Everyone has a different path to walk and a different journey to embark on. Just focus on YOU and YOUR target on that journey and grind for it.
65 minutes can be too short for 5 passages. You can try doing mock tests and reading novels, books, and newspapers in English to become more familiar with reading long English texts. Even if you still can’t improve your speed after all that practice, you can prioritize the types that you are good at and do them first to guarantee a higher score.
You can also try reading or watching documentaries on popular SAT Reading topics to improve your knowledge.
When doing exercises and mock tests, look up and note down the words you don’t know yet. Watch movies and read newspapers as well to increase your vocabulary on various topics
I know right. Just practice more and harder and you will become more familiar with the form of questions. Then, you can figure out a strategy to answer them with very little fail.
You have quite a lot of time to do this part. So just do it slowly and carefully to avoid making unfortunate mistakes
Oh that’s alright. You have quite a  lot of time for this section, so for the calculations that you can do fast, just carefully carry it out on a note. Just don’t make unfortunate mistakes.
You can systemize the Math knowledge according to each type and revise each of them carefully. And be careful with rounding up and down your answer.
You can systemize the Math knowledge according to each type and revise each of them carefully.
This is one of the tougher parts of SAT Math as the amount of vocabulary and types of exercises are crazy. However, with this or any other type of SAT Math, just practice harder systematically and you will become more familiar with it.
During your revision, to avoid feeling exhausted, you can divide your schedule into 2 parts: grinding and relaxing. Also, try forming a study group of SAT learners to help each other out in each exercise. This can help you improve academically and feel more positive and accompanied on this journey.
The fewer times there are in a year, the more you have to try and appreciate those little opportunities. Make sure you don’t waste any of them.
Loneliness is never an easy feeling. Reach out to predecessors or other SAT learning fellows, share your stories with each other and listen to valuable advice. Or if you are not a fan of human interaction, just text me. I once felt like you too so I totally understand. No matter what, keep fighting.
You can try out the web Khan Academy. This website is linked directly to Collegeboard, so it has a record of your past tests and builds an effective revision program for you to follow, including many exercises and mock tests.